db	term	definition
HPO	HPO Term	The full name of the Human Phenotype Ontology term matching the query.
HPO	HPO ID	The unique ID for the HPO term in the HPO database.
HPO	Alternate ID	Alternative or other unique IDs for the term in the HPO database.
HPO	Child IDs	The leaf or child term IDs of this term in the ontology.
HPO	Parent IDs	The ancestor or parent term IDs for this term in the ontology.
HPO	External IDs	The unique IDs for this same term in other databases.
HPO	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
ICD-10	ICD-10 Name	The official name for the International Classification of Diseases (10th revision) term matching the query.  These are effectively billing classifications of diseases in the healthcare system, but they contain extremely specific and useful information that can be used in research or as a clinical standard.
ICD-10	ICD-10 ID	The unique ID for the term in the ICD-10 nomenclature.
ICD-10	Abbreviated Name	The sometimes abbreviated name of the official ICD-10 name, often the same.
ICD-10	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
OHDSI	Concept Name	The full name of the Observational Health Data Sciences and Informatics database term matching the query.  This term could be in several different databases, and may look identical.  This is the result of the Observational Medical Outcomes Partnership (OMOP) Common Data Model, but each database term gets a unique ID.
OHDSI	Concept ID	The unique ID of this term in the OHDSI database.  There is a corresponding ID in the original database so you can always trace it back.
OHDSI	Domain	The domain of knowledge from where this term is derived. Could be a drug, a condition, a measurement, observation, device, or procedure.
OHDSI	Vocabulary of Origin	There are well over 100 different vocabularies merged into the OHDSI database. This is the original vocabulary database name.
OHDSI	Concept Class	This is how the term is classified in the OHDSI database with respect to its original database. Most of the terminology is unique to OHDSI, but some is from the original databases.
OHDSI	Original Vocab ID	This is the unique ID for the term in its original database of origin.	
OHDSI	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.	
MeSH	Term Name	The full official name for the term in the Medical Subject Headings vocabulary, maintained by the National Laboratory of Medicine and used to make PubMed article searches more accurate.
MeSH	MeSH ID	The unique of the term in the MeSH database.
MeSH	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
UMLS	Concept Name	The full name of the Unified Medical Language System term matching the query. Interestingly, unlike OHDSI, when the term is duplicated, if it is the same it is still assigned the same unique ID despite being from a different database.  This system has been going since the 1980s and is a powerful tool for natural language processing of medical text.
UMLS	Concept ID	The unique ID of the term in the UMLS database.
UMLS	Source ID	The original source ID, where applicable, of the term in the UMLS database.
UMLS	Source Name	The original database where the UMLS term came from, abbreviated.
UMLS	Source Type	The abbreviation for the term type in the source vocabulary, for example PN (Metathesaurus Preferred Name) or CD (Clinical Drug). 
UMLS	Language	The original Language of the term.
UMLS	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
COHD	Concept Name	This is the name of the OHDSI term in the Columbia Open Health Data database.  The term is unique because COHD only uses filtered SNOMED terms as the patient data comes from Columbia University Medical Center, at least for the time being.  This data is up-to-date constantly as it comes directly from the API.
COHD	Concept ID	The unique ID of the OHDSI term in the COHD database.  Corresponds to one OHDSI term.
COHD	Concept Count	The number of times this term appears in patient notes (not per patient) in the COHD database.
COHD	Vocabulary ID	The original vocabulary of origin for the OHDSI term in COHD.  Should be SNOMED, but may be some exceptions in the future.
COHD	Domain ID	The OHDSI domain for the term, most likely a condition, but can be other things, like drugs, procedures.
COHD	Concept Class ID	The unique classification ID for the OHDSI concept.  Should be mostly clinical findings, but can be other things as well.
COHD	Concept Code	The unique ID of the concept in the original database.
DO	Disease Name	The full name of the disease term in the Disease Ontology database.  Maintained mostly by the University of Maryland currently and linked to several other disease and medical term databases.
DO	DO ID	The unique ID of the term in the DO database.
DO	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
HPOlink	Disease Name	The name of the disease matching the phenotype term query and linked to the HPO term also matching the phenotype query.
HPOlink	Related Database ID	The unique ID of the term in the database linked to the HPO term.
HPOlink	Database Name	The name of the original disease database (Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man, DECIPHER DatabasE of genomiC varIation and Phenotype in Humans using Ensembl Resources, or ORPHANET) linked to the phenotypically descriptive HPO term on the right.
HPOlink	Linked HPO term	This term is the HPO term linked to the phenotype term query but is also used as part of the elasticsearch query.
HPOlink	Linked HPO ID	The unique ID for the linked HPO term.
HPOlink	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
P2G	Gene	The HGNC approved gene name for the gene linked to the first ranked HPO term for your phenotype term query, courtesy of Phen2Gene.
P2G	Rank	This is the Phen2Gene rank for the gene on the left.  The lower, the better, and the more likely it is to be related to your phenotype term in a potential patient.
P2G	Score	This is the Phen2Gene score for this gene's relationship with the HPO term.  The higher the better.  Factors into the rank calculation directly.  Not particularly human interpretable, but scales from 0 to 1.
P2G	Status	This tells the user if the gene came from the first step of the Phen2Gene process, linking diseases and genes, called "SeedGene," or the second step, which links gene-gene relationships, called "Predicted."
IRS	Foundation Name	This is the name of the 990-filing non-profit foundation that has a relationship with the phenotype term query.  Check the score on the right and be sure it is related.  Surprisingly a lot of them are.  This is public domain data that comes straight from the IRS.
IRS	EIN	This is the unique employer number for the company's tax purposes.  Type this in Google, and you will find a lot of information about their business.
IRS	Filing Date	This is just the date they filed their taxes (currently for 2019).
IRS	URL	This is a link out to a public XML file on AWS hosted by the IRS.  This has a ton of information about the company, like who runs it, what the address is, phone numbers, et cetera.  Check it out.
IRS	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
990F	Foundation Name	This is the name of the 990-filing non-profit foundation that has a relationship with the phenotype term query.  Check the score on the right and be sure it is related.  Surprisingly a lot of them are.  This data was parsed from the IRS public XML files by Open990, a for-profit company that has done a decent job parsing some of this data into CSV files.
990F	Address	The address of the non-profit foundation.
990F	Phone	The phone number of the foundation.
990F	EIN	 This is the unique employer number for the company's tax purposes.  Type this in Google, and you will find a lot of information about their business.
990F	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
990F	Website	The website of the non-profit foundation.  Often not there, unfortunately.
990F	Email	The e-mail address of the non-profit foundation.  Often not there, unfortunately.
990G	Foundation Name	This is the name of the 990-filing non-profit foundation that has a relationship with the phenotype term query.  Check the score on the right and be sure it is related.
990G	Grantee	To whom or to what company the grant was given.
990G	Grantee Location	Where the grantee is located.
990G	Grant Purpose	Why the grant was given to the grantee.
990G	Grant Amount	How much money the grant was.
990G	EIN	This is the unique employer number for the foundation granting the money's tax purposes.  Type this in Google, and you will find a lot of information about their business.
990G	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
Tocris	Drug	Name of the drug in the Tocris company website that is linked to the phenotype term query.
APEX	Drug	Name of the drug in the APExBio company website that is linked to the phenotype term query.
KEGG	Diseases	Name of the disease term in KEGG database linked to the phenotype term query.
KEGG	Pathway	Name of the pathway in the KEGG database linked to the corresponding disease term in KEGG on the left.
Clinical	Rank	The best match rank for the phenotype term query according to ClinicalTrials.gov's search algorithm.
Clinical	CT ID	The unique clinical trial ID for this trial.  Links out to the full page for this clinical trial on ClinicalTrials.gov.
Clinical	Title of Study	The name of the clinical trial study, often contains what it involves doing.
Clinical	Condition	The name of the phenotypic condition for which the trial was performed. Also what the phenotype search term was matched against.
Clinical	Intervention Name	This is what was actually used in the clinical trial as treatment.  Could be anything, could just be an educational study, could be surgery, or a drug.
Pubmed	PubMed ID	The unique ID of the article in PubMed.  Links out to the actual paper on the PubMed site.
Pubmed	Publication Information	The formatted citation for the article in PubMed for convenience.
Pubmed	Times cited in PubMed	This is a count of how many times other articles also archived in PubMed have cited this.  This is a more accurate number than Google Scholar, and is how the we have sorted and ranked these articles in combination with the Best Match algorithm at PubMed.
HPOPatient	HPO ID	The unique ID for the HPO term in the HPO database.
HPOPatient	HPO Term	The full name of the Human Phenotype Ontology term matching the ID.
COHDC	Concept 2 ID	The unique ID of the OHDSI term related to the search term through co-occurrence in the COHD database.  Corresponds to one OHDSI term.
COHDC	Concept 2 Domain	The OHDSI domain for the related term, a condition, drug, or procedure.
COHDC	Concept 2 Name	This is the name of the OHDSI term in the Columbia Open Health Data database related to the search term through co-occurrence in patient notes. The term is unique because COHD only uses filtered SNOMED terms as the patient data comes from Columbia University Medical Center, at least for the time being.  This data is up-to-date constantly as it comes directly from the API.
COHDC	Chi-Square value	This value is calculated using a 2x2 contingency table with four values: The number of patients with the first term and the second term, the number of patients without the first term but with the second term, the number of patients who have the first term but not the second term, and the number of patients that don't have either term (often a very large number).  The samples must be random, and the observations independent of one another, which they mostly are.  The one disadvantage of this calculation is it is artificially inflated by the fourth number.
COHDC	p-value	This is the p-value or probability value of the chi-square test mentioned on the left.  The likelihood that these results occurred by random chance, assuming the null hypothesis is correct.
COHDC	Adjusted p-value	This is the Bonferroni corrected p-value based on the number of chi-square concept comparisons that are currently possible in COHD, which is ~56.8 million comparisons (5.6848043e7 exactly).
COHDC	Concept 1 ID	The unique ID of your original search term in OHDSI, in the COHD database.  Corresponds to one OHDSI term.
COHDA	Concept Name	This is the name of the ancestral OHDSI term in the Columbia Open Health Data database.  The term is unique because COHD only uses filtered SNOMED terms as the patient data comes from Columbia University Medical Center, at least for the time being.  This data is up-to-date constantly as it comes directly from the API.
COHDA	Ancestor Concept ID	The unique ID of the ancestral OHDSI term in the COHD database.  Corresponds to one OHDSI term that is a direct ancestor of the original term query.
COHDA	Concept Count	The number of times this ancestral term appears per patient (one count per patient, not per note) in the COHD database.
COHDA	Vocabulary ID	The original vocabulary of origin for the ancestral OHDSI term in COHD.  Should be SNOMED, but may be some exceptions in the future.
COHDA	Domain ID	The OHDSI domain for the ancestral term, most likely a condition, but can be other things, like drugs, procedures.
COHDA	Concept Class ID	The unique classification ID for the ancestral OHDSI concept.  Should be mostly clinical findings, but can be other things as well.
COHDA	Concept Code	The unique ID of the ancestral concept in the original database.
COHDA	Standard Concept	Indicates whether the ancestral term is standardized or not, S indicates that it is.
COHDA	Max Levels of Separation	The maximum number of ancestral nodes this term is above the query term in the OHDSI vocabulary tree.  Depends on the route you travel.
COHDA	Min Levels of Separation	The minimum number of ancestral nodes this term is above the query term in the OHDSI vocabulary tree.  Depends on the route you travel.
PCommons	Pathway	Name of the pathway in the database linked to Pathway Commons (often Reactome, could be PANTHER, HumanCyc, or others).
PCommons	Number of Participants	The number of participating molecules.  From the Pathway Commons paper: "counts of ‘PhysicalEntity’ class instances from the BioPAX ontology, which includes the classes: complexes, DNA, DNARegion, Protein, RNA, RNARegion and SmallMolecule, including the possibility of multiple molecular states per gene (e.g. phosphorylated proteins, proteins in the nucleus)."
PCommons	Number of Processes	The number of interactions and pathways involved in the pathway named on the left.
PCommons	Ancestral Pathways	Only in Reactome (which is most of the results): parental pathways related to the linked pathway on the left.
NIHFOA	Title	The title of the NIH Funding Opportunity Announcement.  We have collected active funding announcements only.
NIHFOA	Document Number	The unique number of the grant announcement.  Could be a PA, RFA, PAS or PAR.  (PA: parent announcement, more broad; PAS: program announcement with set-aside funds; PAR: program announcement special receipt, referral, and/or review considerations, the usual route; RFA: request for applications)
NIHFOA	Primary IC	The name of the institute or center that is the primary funder of the FOA.
NIHFOA	Sponsors	The other participating NIH Organizations of the NIH FOA.
NIHFOA	Open Date	The date upon which this FOA first opened.
NIHFOA	Expiration Date	The last day this FOA is open.
NIHFOA	Application Date	The dates when one can apply for this FOA.
NIHFOA	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
NIHREPORT	Title	The name of the project.
NIHREPORT	Project Number	The unique number of the funded project, can be used to search the project on Federal Reporter and learn more.
NIHREPORT	Department	The name of the government department that directly funds this project.
NIHREPORT	Agency	The agency funded by the government department (e.g. Dept: HHS, Agen: NIH) that has funded the project.
NIHREPORT	Primary IC	The name of the institute or center that is the primary funder of the project within the agency.
NIHREPORT	Cost	The cost of the total funding for this project.
NIHREPORT	Project Start Date	The date funding began for this project.
NIHREPORT	Project End Date	The date funding ends for this project.
NIHREPORT	Contact PI	The lead PI on the project.
NIHREPORT	Institution	The institution responsible for the project and its location.
OpenFDA	Term	The query term result.
OpenFDA	Count	The number of patients with this adverse/effect/drug.
PatientDisease	Disease Name	The name of the disease matching the HPO term query and also linked to the HPO term query.
PatientDisease	Score	The elasticsearch score for the query term.  The higher this score, the more likely it is what you were looking for.
PharosFacets	Name	The name of the facet (Gene Ontology term, pathway, disease, expression tissue, drug family, or development level).
PharosFacets	Number of Targets	How many targets for the disease are attributable to the term.
PharosTargets	Gene Name	The full official gene name of the drug target.
PharosTargets	Gene Symbol	The HGNC gene symbol of the drug target.
PharosTargets	UniProt ID	The UniProt identifier of the drug target which can be used to search Pharos or UniProt for more information.
PharosTargets	Data Type and Source	Where the data from the drug target came from, and if applicable, the data subtype from that source.
PharosTargets	Evidence	This could be a few PubMed citations, an author statement, SNPs, personally curated data, or marker/mechanism evidence.
PharosTD	Name	The full name of the gene.
PharosTD	HGNC Symbol	The official HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee symbol for the gene.
PharosTD	Target Family	The class of protein target (e.g., Transcription factor, Enzyme, etc.).
PharosTD	Development Level	Tbio is the most common, these have OMIM evidence, GO evidence, or PubMed, Gene RIF, or Antibodypedia annotations. Tdark are basically unstudied and have no information. Tclin have classifications by mode of action, and those with small molecule modulators are Tchem. You can go to the PDF from Nature Reviews Drug Discovery on "Unexplored therapeutic opportunities in the human genome" for more info.
PharosTD	Novelty	The novelty of the drug target (the extent to which published literature refers to it).
PharosTE	Type	The source of the expression data.
PharosTE	Value	The log2 fold change in target expression from control in the relevant cell type.
PharosTE	Cell/Tissue	The cell line or tissue type in which the target was expressed.
PharosTL	Unique ID	The LyChI hash ID for the ligand.
PharosTL	Name	The name of the ligand expressed.
PharosTL	IsDrug	True or false, is it an established drug?
PharosTL	Publications	PubMed IDs for publications with the ligand.
PharosTP	Name	The full name of the interacting protein product.
PharosTP	HGNC Symbol	The official HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee symbol for the gene coding the interacting protein.
PharosTP	Data Sources	The databases from where the PPI data was acquired.
PharosTP	Interaction Score	The StringDB confidence score for the protein-protein interaction.
PharosTP	pInt	The probability the protein-protein interaction is real (BioPlex).
PharosTP	pNI	The probability the protein-protein interaction is non-specific (BioPlex).
PharosTP	pWrong	The probability the protein-protein interaction is wrong (BioPlex).
D2E	Institution Name	The name of the academic medical institution where you can find experts who may specialize in your phenotype term.
D2E	Number of Experts	The number of experts at the institution may specialize in your phenotype term.
faers_female	Drug ID	The drug id in DrugCentral.
faers_female	MedDRA adverse event term	The condition or phenotype term caused by the drug.
faers_female	MedDRA level	MedDRA has five levels of hierarchy. The highest, and broadest, level is System Organ Class (SOC), then High-Level Group Terms (HLGT), High-Level Terms (HLT), Preferred Terms (PT) and finally Lowest Level Terms (LLT).
faers_female	Likelihood ratio	This uses the Maximum Likelihood Ratio (MLR) statistic from Huang et al 2012 described above.  Assumes Poisson distribution.
faers_female	Likelihood ratio threshold	This is the lowest value for which the p-value for the MLR statistic is <0.05.
faers_female	Patients w drug w adverse event	This is the number of patients who took the drug and had the adverse event (phenotype), used to calculate MLR.
faers_female	Patients w drug w/o adverse event	This is the number of patients who took the drug and did not have the adverse event (phenotype), used to calculate MLR.
faers_female	Patients w/o drug w adverse event	This is the number of patients who did not take the drug and had the adverse event (phenotype), used to calculate MLR.
faers_female	Patients w/o drug w/o adverse event	This is the number of patients who did not take the drug and did not have the adverse event (phenotype), used to calculate MLR.
faers_female	Drug Name	The most common name of the drug in DrugCentral.
faers_male	Drug ID	The drug id in DrugCentral.
faers_male	MedDRA adverse event term	The condition or phenotype term caused by the drug.
faers_male	MedDRA level	MedDRA has five levels of hierarchy. The highest, and broadest, level is System Organ Class (SOC), then High-Level Group Terms (HLGT), High-Level Terms (HLT), Preferred Terms (PT) and finally Lowest Level Terms (LLT).
faers_male	Likelihood ratio	This uses the Maximum Likelihood Ratio (MLR) statistic from Huang et al 2012 described above.  Assumes Poisson distribution.
faers_male	Likelihood ratio threshold	This is the lowest value for which the p-value for the MLR statistic is <0.05.
faers_male	Patients w drug w adverse event	This is the number of patients who took the drug and had the adverse event (phenotype), used to calculate MLR.
faers_male	Patients w drug w/o adverse event	This is the number of patients who took the drug and had the adverse event (phenotype), used to calculate MLR.
faers_male	Patients w/o drug w adverse event	This is the number of patients who did not take the drug and had the adverse event (phenotype), used to calculate MLR.
faers_male	Patients w/o drug w/o adverse event	This is the number of patients who did not take the drug and did not have the adverse event (phenotype), used to calculate MLR.
faers_male	Drug Name	The most common name of the drug in DrugCentral.
omop_relationship	Drug ID	The drug id in DrugCentral.
omop_relationship	OMOP Concept ID	The OMOP unique concept ID.
omop_relationship	Relation	What relationship the drug has to the phenotype term. Indication (for use), contraindication (not recommended), off-label use
omop_relationship	Disease	The condition or phenotype term related to the drug.
omop_relationship	UMLS CUI	The unique concept identifier in UMLS.
omop_relationship	Drug Name	The most common name of the drug in DrugCentral.
PhenX	Protocol	The name of the protocol for diagnosing or treating the phenotype.
PhenX	Origin	The origin of the protocol, who created it.
PhenX	Domain	The domain or collection in PhenX the protocol is classified under.
